ScriptDishTransmitter (done)Fuel x 4?Power Cell (done)Life SupportShip Order: Shawm, Tabor, Dulcimer, MadrigalOPENING TEXT“This is Ariel, lifeboat of The Prospero calling…”“…I wish I could say we were caught in a storm, for the poetry of it…”“…but we ran into debris, a billion to one chance, and it tore the ship into confetti…”“…I am the only survivor, my name is [Annie, pick a name!] …”“…is anyone alive out there?”FIRST VOICE:"This is the fleet of the Madrigal, we are a civilian fleet. We are not military. Please cease fire. We are a civilian flee-"SHAWM VOICES: “I see you passing through here, there isn’t much left to look at now, and most of the rest are blind anyway, but I see you little ship.” (voice A)“All right children, put your hands up if you want blue paper for your lantern, I see one, two, three, four. Now who wants purple?” (Far away from mic)“There’s a little heart still beating on The Tabor, I still hear it going tap tap tap, a little strength, a little power.” (Power cell location!...needs work) *child sounds*TABOR VOICES:*birds singing*  (You should be able to grab something from a sound library for this…blackbird maybe? Good and distinct enough to not be mistaken for white noise).“We turned out all the lights, from torch to lamp to artificial sun, they turned out all the lights. ” (More than one voice here maybe?)“Would you send a letter for us little ship? There is an envelope on The Dulcimer, the edges are a little torn but it still holds a letter, you can even keep it if you like.” (Transmitter location voice A)“I didn’t like it, the sky being broken” (repeating and disintegrating maybe?)DULCIMER VOICES:“Hello?.....hello?...hello?”  (etc, good to have a few be creepy ja?)“We’re bleeding out, we’re bleeding out!”  (Fuel location any voice)“All life-rafts to [The Madrigal], life support unit [A] functioning…”  (very flat voice, like an auto recording, location of life support.)MADRIGAL VOICES:Farewell from voice A “Good luck little ship, don’t forget to post our letter…”END TEXT:“This is Ariel, lifeboat of The Prospero calling…”…my location is [coordinates]……one survivor, my name is [name]… …and data logs from The Madrigal civilian fleet…”“…destroyed in an act of war.”